Holderlin




8901 Marmora Road, Glasgow, DO4 89GR.
+1 959 6035 (585-SUPPORT)
contact@demolink.org




MEET THE TEAM

JOHN FRANKLIN

The founder of company, the head of the company.

BARBARA NILSON

First subprincipal, lecturer. First-rate organizer and curator of company.

MARK POOL

One of the leading company coaches and trainers.

JESSICA RIGHT

Highly reputed and honored consultant.





WELCOME!

Make your company a world wide known name with us. See what we can do for your business!

MARKETING PROGRAMS

Learn all the aspects of marketing.

PREMIER SUPPORT

Providing essential support service including 24/7.

SERVICES

We can easily help your business get back onits feet.

FRESH IDEAS

We want to share with the world fresh business ideas.






Save time, save money, grow and succeed!

We provide professional customer care and excellent consulting services to build your business growth & prosperity. We are focused on providing you with the best-in-class care and services through world class technology and response mechanisms.

Click here



WHAT WE DO

See our work in action. We are ready to improve and grow your business and help achieve expected success.

Offering innovation and flexibility, quick and high result-orinted work. Get the skills you need to stay competitive in the world of business.

Business Plan 5yr
Expert Business Plans
International Expansion Advice
Franchise Assessment
Opportunities for Growth Assessment
Business Plan 3yr
International business services

Market Research
Sales Analysis & Pricing Analysis
Advertising
Lead Generation
Online Marketing Advice
Marketing Plan 1yr
International Trading Glossary

Online Store
Online Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Using Search Engines
Selling Globally Online
Website Design
Foreign Exchange Online






EVENTS

We know what it takes to be the leader!
Your prosperity is our goal!

Since September 3 we have been waiting for our Ukrainian guests. Our new office was opened in Kyiv. We will be happy to meet you and topropose our help to you. Don't be afraid to begin a new happy life. Welcome!
Learn more

This year fall company business-school will join ambitious. purposeful people in New York. You can spend your time profitably with us from 26th October till 7th November.It's not late to register yet.
Learn more

The 20th course of the up-grade program has just finiched and 87 participants from 49 countries are now ready to move more masterfully on the career ladder. We are pround of our learners and sure that they will achieve their goals.
Learn more






UP-GRADE PROGRAM

Our company up-grade program is for you! With the help of the best lectures and profs you will improve requisite skills.

BUSINESS STRATEGY

Offering innovation and flexibility, quick and high result-oriented work. Get the skills you need to stay competitive.

EDUCATION & COURSES

Our dedicated expert staff provides you with the superfast support services to help individuals and business.

THE BEST RESULT

We want to share with the world fresh business ideas which have a great future, can make your business more produstive.

BUSINESS-CREATION PROGRAM

Successful businessmen will explain you how to develop new business step by step and to create prosperous product.

CUSTOMER CARE

We provide professional customer care and excellent consulting services to build your business growth & prosperity.





OUR PROJECTS

Extensive sales and marketing experiense.
Progressive business thinking.

VIEW ALL






Holderlin &copy; Privacy policy

Solutions | Resources | Customer Services | Partnering